# VirTuex
Virtual Trial Room
## Introduction
VirTuex is an application that is used by people to help them try on clothes virtually they wish to buy.  It helps people to make a sure assumption about how they will look into the clothes they wish to buy on any online shopping portal just by the help of their daily drivers like laptop or mobile phones. Whenever people want to try the clothes they can go to the application, select the clothes and magically they are wearing those clothes (virtually). The clothes get superimposed on the appropriate part of the body of the user into their device’s screen just by using the built-in device camera. The user does not require any external hardware and they can use it by a tap/click on their screen. As a result, the application makes the best use of the camera and applied AR technology to make it into a reality. There is also an extra feature in VirTuex that helps users to capture the virtual image and store it into their desired folder. With this great function, users can capture and send these images to their friends and show off to them by wearing the new clothes. Moreover, users need not install any extra tool onto their device to use VirTuex as this is a web-based cross-platform application and can be accessed using the Internet which makes it user friendly and the impacted audience is huge.
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42516515/69616718-15163000-105d-11ea-83ef-1641853eddf3.jpg
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42516515/69616814-370fb280-105d-11ea-9d44-798d5cb8346f.PNG
